[improvement] [test] [docs] add dns webook and flavor docs (#406)
linode/cluster-api-provider-linode: docs/src/topics/flavors/dns-loadbalancing.md

# DNS based apiserver Load Balancing

This flavor configures DNS records that resolve to the public (ipv4 and/or IPv6) IPs of the control plane nodes where the apiserver pods are running. No NodeBalancer will be created.
This needs the following to be set in the `LinodeCluster` spec under `network`
```bash
kind: LinodeCluster
spec:
    network:
        loadBalancerType: dns
        dnsRootDomain: test.net
        dnsUniqueIdentifier: abc123
```
Along with this, the `test.net` domain needs to be registered and also be pre-configured as a domain on Linode CM. Using the `LINODE_DNS_TOKEN` env var, you can pass the API token of a different account if the Domain has been created in another acount under Linode CM

With these changes, the controlPlaneEndpoint is set to `<domain-name>-<uniqueid>.<root-domain>`. This will set as the server in the KUBECONFIG as well.

> The controller will create A/AAAA and TXT records under the domain in Linode CM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller will create A/AAAA and TXT records under [the Domains tab in the Linode Cloud Manager.](https://cloud.linode.com/domains)
```

Author: done

## Specification
| Supported Control Plane | CNI    | Default OS   | Installs ClusterClass | IPv4 | IPv6 |
|-------------------------|--------|--------------|-----------------------|------|------|

> | kubeadm                 | Cilium | Ubuntu 22.04 | No                    | Yes  | Yes  |

Reviewer: This should be false for ipv6 since the flavor base isn't dual-stack right?

Author: It is now after [this PR](https://github.com/linode/cluster-api-provider-linode/pull/383)

Reviewer: Ah gotcha, I was looking at `templates/flavors/kubeadm/dns-loadbalancing/kustomization.yaml`

# DNS based apiserver Load Balancing

This flavor configures DNS records that resolve to the public (ipv4 and/or IPv6) IPs of the control plane nodes where the apiserver pods are running. No NodeBalancer will be created.
This needs the following to be set in the `LinodeCluster` spec under `network`
```bash
kind: LinodeCluster
spec:
    network:
        loadBalancerType: dns
        dnsRootDomain: test.net
        dnsUniqueIdentifier: abc123
```
Along with this, the `test.net` domain needs to be registered and also be pre-configured as a [domain on Linode CM](https://cloud.linode.com/domains).

> Using the `LINODE_DNS_TOKEN` env var, you can pass the [API token of a different account](https://cloud.linode.com/profile/tokens) if the Domain has been created in another acount under Linode CM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `LINODE_DNS_TOKEN` env var, you can pass the [API token of a different account](https://cloud.linode.com/profile/tokens) if the Domain has been created in another account under Linode Cloud Manager.
```
